Clarify pipe naming requirement (#31806)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/styleguide.md

**Do** use consistent names for all pipes, named after their feature.

> The class name must be [UpperCamelCase](guide/glossary#case-types),

Reviewer: Class name is not a requirement, only preference.

> and the `name` string should match that using *lowerCamelCase* with no hyphens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and the `name` string should use *lowerCamelCase* with no hyphens.
```
